[Reporting Issues] Add a page on reporting issues (#54)
godotengine/godot-contributing-docs: other/triage/workflow.rst

Issues that are clearly spam should be closed and tagged as “spam” and
marked as archived.

> For more details on what goes into an issue report, see :ref:`this page <doc_issue_report_writing>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`How to write a good issue report <doc_issue_report_writing>` for more details.
```
See comment on `triage_sprints.rst`
